[grunts]
Kayce. meet my marshals.
Andrea. Miles. Belle.
Welcome to the U.S. Marshals.
♪ dramatic music ♪
Got eyes on
a possible triggerman.
[Belle]
Black bag.
[Kayce]
Stay with me.
Get me that bomber.
♪
It's okay. All right?
You're okay now.
Duttons are born with
dysfunction in their blood.
I'm changing paths.
Try to find a new beginning
for me and Tate.
[horse neighing]
♪ slow. tranquil music ♪
♪
[neighing]
[snorting]
That bangtail needs to blow off
some steam on the range.
Would you rather spend the day
chasing him or fishing?
Catching more trout
than you's my priority.
Beating you to the river's mine.
[Tate]
Game on.
Gonna be hard to reel in all
them fish with just your hands.
[sighs heavily]
♪
I got another one.
Want me to pick a fly for you?
I'm just scaring 'em
down to you. son.
Brings back memories.
Was a good day.
What about tomorrow?
Ready to kick doors
as a marshal?
Probably be quiet.
Just paperwork
and new guy nonsense.
[softly] Yeah.
You sure you're ready
for this change?
A new start will
do us both good.
But who's gonna look over
East Camp with you working?
Rip found some hands till I can
find a more permanent solution.
That means tomorrow's
your new beginning. too.
Good.
Though after a day like this.
kind of wish
time could stand still.
♪ tender music ♪
♪
- [insects trilling]
- [wildlife chittering]
[Kix Brooks' "Complete 360"
playing]
[Calvin] So. I'm working over
this HVT when Double G.
he walks back into the room.
dressed in the clothes of the
Talimonster we just schwacked--
hat. pajamas.
the whole getup.
Eighteen for the round.
How can you identify
a Navy SEAL?
Oh. he'll tell you.
[laughs]
♪ And you threw me back ♪
♪ I turned my life around... ♪
Oh. [chuckles]
I'm sensing neither of us
will sleep tonight.
Only question is.
will it be at my place or yours?
Yeah. a girl loves
to have options.
Oh. yeah?
Like should I spray you
or...
stab you?
[laughs]
♪ I got a drink in one hand ♪
♪ A phone in the other... ♪
Little hostile in here tonight.
Especially the bartender.
She's knives out for Cal.
- [chuckles]
- [Calvin] Her name's Maddie.
and you're talking
out of your ass.
Pardon. ma'am.
May I buy you a drink?
Make up for my friend's
two left feet?
"Ma'am"? My abuela's a ma'am.
No! Thank you.
♪ I'm back on the town ♪
♪ I'm back on the whiskey... ♪
His ten-gallon hat
went limp quick.
I mean. wouldn't kill you
to broaden your horizons.
Come on.
find some companionship.
Is that why you have
your war buddy joining the team?
No. look. I brought Kayce in
for the same reason
I brought both of you on. okay?
To sharpen the tip of the spear.
Spear's pretty lethal already.
When I go into battle.
I need teammates
who have the fight.
Whether it's a tenacious
man hunter from the Bronx.
or a former rez cop
with fire in his belly.
We just want to make sure
your shared past
isn't stepping on our toes
in the present.
♪ I'm going down hard
and don't care... ♪
New team. new dynamic.
Drink to that.
[wildlife chittering]
- [beep]
- [Calvin whistles]
Bringing the smoke today.
- Leaving you behind in it.
- Mm-hmm. Watch this.
[beep]
Damn.
Bold move. embarrassing
the boss on the first day.
Double or nothing?
Hell no.
I'm still paying off loans
from all the money
you took off of me
in Afghanistan.
This some sort of entry exam?
No. just seeing
how the lone wolf is feeling
joining a new pack.
Fitting in's never been
my strong suit.
Well. I know
moving forward isn't easy.
but getting back into the fire's
gonna do you right.
Well. then I'll get comfortable
being uncomfortable.
[Calvin]
All right.
Let your training day begin.
[stopwatch beeps]
♪ soaring. dynamic music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[Miles]
Reloading mags.
armory inventory. gear cleaning.
How else
did you guys initiate me?
Come on.
we got to break in the FNG.
You know. why don't we just
welcome Kayce as one of us?
I mean.
if hunting down those bombers
didn't initiate him. what will?
You non-natives have
no appreciation for tradition.
Hey.
Since we've. uh.
all been shot at together.
let's just skip the formalities.
Uh...
I'm glad to join this outfit.
[Miles]
See if you say that
after drinking
through a fire hose today.
[Calvin]
Yeah. tread lightly. Miles.
Okay? Kayce's reasonable
till he isn't.
I'd ease him in.
I got to talk to Harry.
[Andrea]
Well. tour's pretty simple.
- Heads are in there.
- [Velcro crackles]
Unisex.
It's real intimate.
Cal built this team
to model after his SEAL unit.
but he failed to account
for certain differences.
like teammates
with two X chromosomes.
We're a "toilet seat stays down"
unit.
Belle runs a tight ship.
Appreciate the intel.
[Belle]
These are the cages.
Huh. You waiting to move in?
Oh. There's no use decorating
since I'm only passing through.
These mags need reloading.
[locker door closes]
So I'll do that
as you continue the tour.
- Easy day.
- [unzips container]
[Calvin]
Feels like another meeting
that could've been an email.
Marshal Gifford.
Deputizing Dutton is one thing.
but making him a member
of the team?
Kayce turns us
into the elite unit
that you envisioned when
you just stood this team up.
Yeah. but you got
the wrong pig by the tail.
A Dutton wearing the marshal
star. it just doesn't sit right.
He knows the area.
he knows the people.
where the bodies are buried.
and not to mention.
he's equipped to run any kind
of op this team will face.
But you don't find it odd
that he's jumping back
into law enforcement
when the two biggest cold cases
in the state
are his father's death
and his brother's disappearance?
It's just a coincidence.
There's no such thing
as a coincidence
with the Duttons.
Excuse me.
Deputy Marshal Calvin.
we have something.
Please.
Ops and investigations
run out of here.
- Y'all been busy.
- [Andrea] Yeah.
hunting dirtbags is
our bread and butter.
We connect
to the fusion center here.
Maintaining two-way intelligence
and information flow is critical
to our mission.
- Right.
- [Andrea] Don't worry.
you're here to be a gunslinger.
not a pencil pusher.
These are our techs. analysts.
as well as our liaisons
that work with local.
state and federal
law enforcement.
The lack of infrastructure
forces us to wear many hats.
Especially now that we got
a trouble magnet on board.
Fireplace is subtle.
[Belle]
Compound used to be an old mill.
Cal kept the blast furnace
as a reminder
that this unit
was forged in the fire.
[Calvin]
Okay. everybody. listen up.
CI phoned in a hit
on a fugitive. Raul Garza.
He's a member of the 406 Royals
with federal warrants.
- Where's he at?
- Belgrade trailer park.
People there got
nothing to lose.
[Andrea] Usually put up
the biggest fight.
Always takes us
to the best places.
Jock up.
So much for easing you in.
Informant says Garza's car
hasn't moved since last night.
What's he doing here?
This isn't Royals's turf.
Royals blew up 18th Street
Mafia's stash house last month.
Could be expanding
their footprint.
Or maybe Garza's just
sampling the local product.
'Cause meth runs rampant
out here.
How many suspects on target?
It's unknown. but hopefully
they're still sleeping
or down hard on a bender.
- Thinking door-knock entry?
- No.
We're gonna roll Garza
before his eyes even open. okay?
Fast and heavy.
Want me in the stack?
Training wheels are on.
You gonna take squirter patrol.
Miles. Andrea. you're on me.
Belle.
you're outside with Kayce.
I'd prefer team entry.
Go slow
after taking that round. okay?
You don't know what baggage
you're carrying downrange.
That's exactly why I got
to get punched in the face
and find out.
- Come on.
- [Miles] We can swap.
I'll watch Dutton.
Yeah. okay.
Let's move out.
Little eager to jump
out of the stack.
First kill weighing on you?
He's in the ground.
not in my head.
Uh-huh.
♪ tense music ♪
[Calvin]
U.S. Marshals.
[grunting]
[Garza groaning]
[handcuffs clicking]
[Belle sighs]
Seems like we missed
one hell of a party.
- [groaning]
- [handcuffs click]
Suspects apprehended.
[Miles over comms]
Good copy.
He was in for a world of hurt
if he made it to me.
[engine revving nearby]
[Kayce]
Eyes up.
We're in Montana.
not a war zone.
Old habits.
[Andrea]
I thought Garza was
gonna alligator-roll you. Cal.
I handled my business.
just like the rest of you.
It was a flawless op.
Nearly flawless.
Popped a damn button
taking that perp down.
[Andrea] Aw. I'll be sure
to note your shirt
as a casualty
in the after action.
Yeah. it's just
like old times. huh?
Kicking doors
and rolling up dirtbags.
Except back then
I was on your six.
not on the sidelines.
[phone buzzing]
Excuse me.
[Belle] Tats on the guy
we collared with Garza mark him
as a member of
the Aryan Brethren of Idaho.
And the pills he was holding
were fentanyl.
White nationalist and Latin
gang leader make an odd couple.
Well. drugs are
a hell of a unifier.
[Andrea]
Oh.
Hey. I got a situation
on the ranch.
You mind if I go deal with it?
[Andrea] Aw. you didn't get
to kick doors.
so you're taking your ball
and going home?
Hey. let the DEA know
about the fentanyl.
and send Garza and the Aryan
upstate to Helena. okay?
I'm rolling with Kayce.
That's all right.
I can take care of it on my own.
Team needs to learn
that one is none.
All right.
[Calvin]
See y'all.
What business do the Aryans have
with the Royals?
Well. Aryans were on my radar
at ATF.
Group of them
were behind the plot
to kidnap the governor of Idaho.
Cal told us to ship 'em out.
We're here to wage
a war on violence.
not just roll up foot soldiers.
Little digging can't hurt.
♪ majestic music ♪
[neighing]
That stallion
broke clean through.
From manhunting
to horse hunting.
Is that the kind of callout
you'd do. like. as a cow cop?
You may joke. but that horse
on the loose is a grenade
- with the pin pulled.
- [horse neighing]
[laughs]
That's not a horse.
That's anger with legs.
[Kayce]
Yeah.
And something tells me
he's not gonna go easy.
I don't know your plan.
but I don't think I can be
your QRF on this. pal.
[neighing]
Plan?
I'm making this up as I go.
[clicks tongue]
Hyah!
[snorts]
[neighing]
Whoo!
[horse neighs]
- [insects trilling]
- [wildlife chittering]
[indistinct chatter]
Kayce Dutton.
U.S. Marshal Harry Gifford.
Makes me your boss.
It feels like I'm working
for everybody today.
While you two were out
gallivanting.
Andrea made a hell
of a discovery.
There's a fentanyl deal
going down today
between the Aryans
and the 406 Royals.
- How'd you put that together?
- [Andrea] The Aryan.
Lenny Nelson.
two-time loser.
he came to Bozeman to let
the Royals test the fentanyl.
Well. they're gonna
call off that deal
as soon as they realize
they're MIA.
Well. Nelson says
he and Garza were just meeting
to test the product.
and after they signed off.
they let themselves enjoy
a long weekend
consuming products.
And Garza.
he backed all that up?
Well. he wasn't as charmed
by Deputy Cruz as Nelson.
Now. the DEA can't spin up
in time to get here.
so we're on agent assist.
FBI chatter says the Aryans are
- plotting something big.
- [Calvin] Yeah.
selling the fentanyl's probably
gonna be how they finance it.
Well. this unit was designed
for big game hunting.
and the Aryan Brethren would be
quite the trophy on my wall.
We have the muscle for that?
Well. Cal sold you as the last
piece to his dream team.
Prime chance for you
to back those big words up.
Okay. so where's
the deal going down?
Just over the Wyoming border.
place called the Zone of Death.
I don't know.
apparently it got its name
because there's no citizens.
no law enforcement.
no judges or juries. so there's
no way to prosecute crimes.
The local legend has it.
been a dumping ground
for the region's
most depraved criminals.
There's no way that's real.
Well. the Duttons. they've
been here for over a century.
This tale get passed down
through generations?
♪ slow. tense music ♪
No. it's the first
I'm hearing of it.
[Miles]
Surveillance cameras and gear.
[Andrea]
Range finder. too.
I need all the eyes I can get
watching my back.
What's got this SEAL
in his feels?
You undermining me with Harry.
I was finding a fight to pick.
like you hired me to do.
I'm still sore
from our last ride.
- Are the horses my punishment?
- [Calvin] No.
Just the best way to keep a low
profile in the Zone of Death.
Well. taking down a deal
between two dangerous gangs
doesn't exactly scream
low profile.
That's why we're only
busting the Aryans.
And let the Royals walk?
[Miles]
They distribute meth to the rez.
Push that fentanyl
onto Broken Rock.
it'll spread like wildfire.
Don't worry. okay?
We're gonna track
and ID 'em
for the DEA to sweep up.
[Andrea] The Aryans
are planning an attack.
They take priority.
[indistinct chatter nearby]
Excuse me.
Braxton.
Oh. Hey. hi.
Got to hand it to her.
I never saw my dad
when he was on duty.
Yeah. found the balance
that eludes most of us.
She's a remarkable woman.
As a mother.
Mm-hmm.
I was hoping to have a word.
Sir.
You Duttons always had
a soft spot for public service.
Livestock Commission.
attorney general. governor.
Just doing our part.
Yeah. but for whom?
Seems to me it was always
in service to your family
or Yellowstone Ranch
or... some form of vengeance.
Well. Yellowstone's gone.
same for most of my family.
And as for vengeance.
day's still young.
[laughs]
You got a sharp tongue.
just like your father.
We had history. you know.
Yeah. he used to talk
about that a lot.
Really?
[scoffs]
No.
Huh.
It was nice of your husband
and kid to drop by.
It was inappropriate
during work hours.
It won't happen again.
[chuckles softly]
Are you kidding?
If my family could have swung by
when I was deployed.
I might still have one.
This job keeps me around
a lot more
than working undercover
with ATF did.
They're just adjusting
to the new norm.
Hmm.
Well. I admire
you prioritizing your family.
Takes a lot more discipline
than I had. so...
You don't think
your husband stopped by
'cause he's worried
you took that round. though?
I let him clean teeth.
he lets me fight crime.
You didn't tell him. did you?
[scoffs]
You know.
building walls shuts out
the people that you care about.
They're not walls.
They're shields.
[sniffles]
Zone of Death my ass.
There's nothing out here.
That's kind of the point.
Awful quiet. cowboy.
Foot's been banging
like a powwow drum
since we left Bozeman.
You worried?
Tip of the spear goes
where it's pointed.
Even if it's the last place
you want to be.
So you do know this place?
Op just has a lot of unknowns.
Probably got enough of those
in your life.
♪ slow. tense music ♪
Do you really not know
where your brother Jamie is?
At least when my dad got killed.
we knew he was gone.
Gave us closure.
Family history like yours...
...I'm sure it's hard
to turn the page.
[bird chirps]
[Belle]
Rough spot for a takedown.
[Calvin]
Spotty comms. y'all.
Rough terrain. wild animals.
and two violent gangs. so
everybody's got to be dialed in.
Trackers are prepped
for the Royals's vehicles.
Better work
so the DEA can hunt 'em down.
All right. Belle.
handle the trackers with Miles.
Andrea and I.
we're gonna run surveillance
from that rock outcrop
over there.
And. Kayce. you just
watch Belle and Miles' six.
This'll work for overwatch.
[Andrea] Interdicting the Aryans
on horses is a tall order.
That's exactly why we're gonna
hit 'em after the deal
when their guard's down. okay?
Kayce. you copy?
Plan the dive. dive the plan.
Uh...
Something reflecting
across that ravine.
Lot of junk over there.
Burial ground's
more than just a rumor.
It's almost drop time.
[Calvin] Ghosts in the ravine.
they do not concern us.
Move into position.
Let's go.
Come on. move into position.
Let's go. y'all.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
[Andrea]
Three trucks inbound.
- [camera shutter clicking]
- Tinted windows.
Okay. Belle. targets incoming.
[Belle over comms]
Good copy.
[truck door opens. closes]
I got eyes on two SUVs
coming from the east.
- Aryans.
- [camera shutter clicks]
[Calvin] Belle.
Royals are in the pickups.
[Belle]
Roger that.
Moving into position.
[indistinct chatter]
[Andrea]
Got 11 suspects on the ground.
[Calvin]
Yeah.
Kayce.
something's about to pop off.
[Kayce over comms]
Everybody's carrying.
but nobody seems ready
to go hot.
[Andrea]
Fentanyl's been handed over.
Yeah. Where's the cash?
Money exchange should not be
this complicated.
Belle. you're clear
to move in position.
You got to get
that tracker live. Belle.
Good copy.
All clear. Belle.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[Andrea]
The hell are they looking at?
[Kayce]
Can't ID.
Belle. you got company.
Take cover.
Belle. beat feet.
Bandit's camped out
on Belle's pos.
The vehicle's blocking my angle.
Miles. move up to cover Belle.
[Miles]
Moving.
[snake rattling]
Got an issue.
- Over.
- Miles. are you in position?
I say again. Miles.
are you in position?
[rattling]
Belle's just hanging out
in the wind.
We got to get down there.
[Calvin]
Okay. Miles. sitrep. Over.
[Kayce] Cal. that Royal's
right on top of Miles.
Whole point was to avoid
getting into a gunfight.
Andrea's right.
We got to hold on what we got.
If we don't move.
it's Roner all over.
[snake rattling]
Okay. don't engage
unless you have to.
The hell was that?
[rattling]
Are you kidding me?
That's a bomb.
[Andrea] Aryans aren't
planning an attack.
They're about to execute one.
[snake rattling]
[gunshots]
[indistinct shouting]
[rattles]
Hold fire.
Bomb could kill everyone
on the ground.
And now it's in the wind.
[gunfire]
♪ intense music ♪
[gunfire continues]
There's a massive bomb
on the loose.
and I can't even get a signal.
Decision to bring horses
isn't helping.
Kayce. the lead Aryan SUV
is carrying a bomb.
I need you to interdict.
[Kayce over comms]
Roger that.
I need you to lock in. okay?
Breathe. aim low and squeeze.
Otherwise Belle's dead.
- All right?
- Yeah.
- Cover me.
- All right.
[gunfire]
Okay. cover Belle.
I'm moving down. all right?
Belle. coming to you.
Belle. I'm almost to your pos.
Okay. flank 'em.
Get Belle back into this fight.
[Miles]
Could use Kayce's gun right now.
You shoot. I move.
I shoot. you move.
Let's go. Come on.
[gunfire continues]
[Andrea]
Belle.
two Royals are moving on you.
[gunfire continues]
[shouts indistinctly]
[grunting]
[two gunshots]
[gunfire continues]
[grunts]
[Calvin]
Got to speed this up. man.
[Miles]
Or slow 'em down.
Yeah. Flash-bang's a good idea.
Okay. I'm gonna move to cover.
You bump up and toss.
Let's go. Come on.
Okay.
[man groans]
[high-pitched ringing]
[Calvin] Miles. cover them.
I'm taking right.
On the ground!
U.S. Marshals. Don't move.
Hands behind your back!
Cover.
Hey. guys.
Where's Kayce?
♪ urgent music ♪
♪
[horse whinnies]
♪ low. uneasy music ♪
[man groans]
[groaning]
- I'm dying.
- No. You're already dead.
Even if you were worth saving.
there's no help here.
It's gonna be slow.
and it's gonna be painful.
[labored breathing]
Please. Doesn't have to be.
♪ uneasy music ♪
♪
[brush rustling]
[beep]
[Calvin] Fentanyl didn't
make it to Bozeman.
and the bomb didn't make it
to the federal courthouse
in Idaho.
Well. Idaho State Police
picked the remaining Aryans up.
One said they were planning
on moving the bomb
straight to target.
You earned your marshal money
today. Kayce.
Guess the training wheels
are off.
[Calvin]
Odd thing. though.
There were five Aryans
on target.
But three were arrested.
one killed in the SUV.
What happened to the fifth one?
Zone of Death. I guess.
[Calvin]
Hmm.
Time to baptize Kayce.
Tradition.
Nonalcoholic. in your case.
[Andrea]
Ooh. Good thing.
considering what he's capable of
- sober.
- [Calvin] Hey.
To Kayce.
New guy no more.
[exhales]
Cheers.
- [Calvin] Go. Come on. Go.
- [Miles] Go. go. go. go.
- [rhythmic clapping]
- Go. go. go. Come on.
- [overlapping chanting]
- Come on now.
- Come on. Let's go.
- [chanting] Go. go. go. go. go.
- [cheering]
- [Miles] Yeah!
Now we're talking. Let's go!
[Andrea]
Yeah.
[laughter]
[slow clapping]
[Harry]
My conquering heroes.
FBI. ATF and Homeland Security
are licking my boots
over this win.
Thwarting
a domestic terrorist attack.
Can your wall fit
a big game trophy that size?
Should ease any doubts
you have about Kayce.
'cause he won us
the victory today.
[Harry grunts]
[Andrea]
Oh. giving cred to the guy
who overruled you
on the battlefield.
Dutton was insubordinate?
There's a surprise.
Best idea wins on my team.
Did Kayce run roughshod
over Cal?
No. he was quiet
before things got kinetic.
Like he had something
on his mind.
- His own agenda. perhaps?
- I don't know.
but when I brought up
his brother. he got spooked.
Kayce doesn't spook.
Maybe he does
when he's hiding something.
Like what?
Like keeping us off the scent
of his fugitive brother?
If he joined this unit
for some nefarious reasons.
I'm not gonna let him
get away with it.
Who's doing the after action?
I'll do it.
[sighs]
You're right.
The guy I killed is
still in my head.
I know
I'm the real new guy here.
I wish I could be
the new guy again.
I didn't freeze up out there.
My people think killing
a rattler's a transgression.
a bad omen even.
Hmm.
There's always gonna be a snake.
You can't reason with it
or hope it'll back down.
You got to be
more dangerous than it is.
or this job may not be for you.
and that's okay.
[door closes]
Thought our six plate battle
was gonna be
the most intense action today.
What was that about us
not being in a war zone?
Back in the Teams.
I-I could always count on you
being dialed in downrange.
You seemed a little bit
out of it when we got on target.
Yeah.
Just grappling
with some skeletons
I'm trying to keep
in my family's closet.
Kind of hard to operate when
you got ghosts hanging over you.
and there was definitely one
on the op.
Roner?
Bringing him up like that.
it's just...
a cheap shot.
Wasn't a cheap shot.
it was a targeted one.
And it kept history
from repeating itself.
♪ dramatic music ♪
Well. I guess
the Duttons don't have
a monopoly on skeletons. right?
["Next to You" by Ashley Cooke
playing]
♪ Bouquets of flowers
fill my countertop ♪
♪ And bottles of champagne
waiting to be popped ♪
♪ And my phone is filled up
with congratulations... ♪
One second you're backing me.
The next.
Kayce's calling the shots.
Wouldn't be sitting here
if Kayce hadn't taken action.
No. that is not my issue.
Your war buddy manipulating you
in the heat of battle is.
What does "Roner" mean. anyway?
Why don't we focus on
your shoddy intel instead. hmm?
World would look
a whole lot different right now
if I hadn't uncovered that deal.
So those attaboys you got
from Gifford and gave to Kayce?
- They should've been for me.
- Oh. I see.
Gifford's your ticket
back to your old team.
and you're just upset
'cause you didn't get
the credit you deserve.
Is that... is that how it works?
This is compliments
of the cowboy.
He says. "Sorry. ma'am."
[chuckles]
He's a glutton for punishment.
[scoffs]
♪ So out of nowhere ♪
♪ And now everything feels
different ♪
♪ If you're not there... ♪
Want to hear
some more SEAL stories?
No. I'm going.
♪ Like comin' home ♪
♪ I thought I was always meant ♪
♪ For sleeping alone ♪
♪ But the sun just
started peeking through ♪
♪ Thought I was always... ♪
[sighs] You're a brave man
coming back for more.
Cowboy worth his salt
gets right back on the horse.
especially when chasing
something as hell-fired as you.
I can't promise
I won't buck again.
I'm counting on it.
[chuckles]
♪ Half the covers on the floor ♪
♪ And I trace my fingers
over your tattoos... ♪
[Maddie] Who knew
playing Cupid would have you
like a pig in slop?
This chair's empty
if you've got a minute to chat.
I'd like to share more than
just war stories with you.
You want more than a minute.
But I don't have that to give.
Hey.
Thought you'd. uh.
be prioritizing your family.
And expose them to what
I'm carrying away from today?
You know. when I was operating.
the battlefield was thousands
of miles from home.
Gave me a chance to...
shed some of the toxins of war.
Yeah. buffer zone sounds
real nice right about now.
This job.
we got to find a way
to let go of the fight.
or the people we care about
let go of us.
So you're saying
drinking with you
is in the best interest
of my family?
If it'll get you to stay.
- [chuckles softly]
- ♪ Waking up next to ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Yeah. waking up next to you ♪
[sighs]
Yes.
♪
[door closes]
[Tate]
Where you been?
Reinforcing the corrals.
The more things change...
How'd it go today?
Yeah. Yellowstone might be gone.
but there's still
some land mines left behind.
- How about you?
- [sighs]
I don't know.
I didn't find my new beginning.
It'll find you.
When?
When you're ready.
I went and saw
Grandpa Long today.
He wants us to honor Mom
at the remembrance ceremony
next month.
Sure.
Asked about borrowing
her favorite necklace.
Any idea where it is?
I'll look tomorrow.
Spent too much time worrying
about buried treasure today.
- [door opens]
- [phone buzzing]
♪ I've been living dreams
lately ♪
♪ But they don't
hold a candle to ♪
♪ Waking up next to ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Yeah. waking up next to you ♪
♪ Next to you ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ intense. percussive music ♪